g'day guys mock noisy gorilla and today
I'm going to make some fantastic
barbecue hashbrowns you can deep-fry
these if you want out of the way they
are absolutely fantastic so check these
out now these are very easy to make guys
and are absolutely delicious here I've
got four medium potatoes which have
parboiled and allowed to cool completely
and you want to parboil them until
they're still a little bit firm and here
I'm chopping them into cubes about a
centimeter by a centimeter will give you
a nice texture in those hashbrowns
you're mixing in 2 teaspoons of melted
butter
half a beaten egg 1 tablespoon of plain
flour
1/2 teaspoon of black pepper
1/2 teaspoon of paprika
and half a teaspoon of table salt
you're gonna have to get your hands
dirty here guys
combine these ingredients well
and what we're also going to do is sort
of partially mash it with the palm of
your hand don't completely mash it you
still want a bit of our potato lumps in
there for some texture now put into the
fridge for 1 hour this will help it set
so you can make up these hashbrowns
they'll hold their shape here I've got
two oversized egg rings so you can use
standard ones too if you like now make
sure that mixture is well compressed
into the Rings and now slide them onto a
medium hot barbecue plate give them
three to four minutes on the first side
and then carefully turn them over just
be careful here those egg rings will be
hot
now lead down again and turn the
temperature down to low
this way they can cook for a little bit
longer on the other side after another
two minutes carefully remove the egg
rings use some tongs this so you don't
burn your hands also take it slow too
just in case they're a little bit stuck
now leaving it on low close the lid and
cook for another four to five minutes
this ensures they're hot all the way
through it also ensures that the egg is
cooked there you have it guys these are
awesome
they are very easy to make sure to give
them a go for more information on this
recipe or to check out mothers please
visit